fix openvpn integration (#336)
open-quantum-safe/oqs-demos: openvpn/USAGE.md

    docker run -e OQSSIGALG=$OQS_SIGALG -e SERVERFQDN=$OQS_SERVER -e CLIENTFQDN=$OQS_CLIENT -v $OQS_DATA:/config/openvpn --rm openquantumsafe/openvpn sh -c "cd /config/openvpn && createcerts_and_config.sh"

> This generates all required configuration information into the docker volume. The mandatory environment variables `SERVERFQDN` and `CLIENTFQDN` must contain the FQDN of the server and the client respectively running the instance. The optional environment variable `OQSSIGALG` may contain the name of any of the [supported OQS PQ signature algorithms](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider#algorithms); if not set, the default value "mldsa44" is used for creation of client and server keys and certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates all required configuration information into the docker volume. The mandatory environment variables `SERVERFQDN` and `CLIENTFQDN` must contain the FQDN of the server and the client respectively running the instance. The optional environment variable `OQSSIGALG` may contain the name of any of the [supported OQS PQ signature algorithms](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider#algorithms); if not set, the default value "mldsa65" is used for creation of client and server keys and certificates.
```

## Advanced usage options

> The docker image has been pre-configured to use the quantum-safe crypto (QSC) algorithm family "Kyber" for key establishment. For TLS1.3 handshaking, the QSC algorithm "mldsa44" is configured by default, but for both algorithm types, any plain or hybrid QSC algorithm can be selected. For the full list of supported OQS KEM and signature algorithms see [here](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider#algorithms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The docker image has been pre-configured to use the quantum-safe crypto (QSC) algorithm family "ML-KEM" for key establishment. For TLS1.3 handshaking, the QSC algorithm "mldsa65" is configured by default, but for both algorithm types, any plain or hybrid QSC algorithm can be selected. For the full list of supported OQS KEM and signature algorithms see [here](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider#algorithms).
```
